today I'm going to be making one of my
favorite recipes and these are my potato
pancakes I'm using two medium size
potatoes a half an onion 1 egg 1
tablespoon of all-purpose flour and a
half a teaspoon of salt so those are the
ingredients so let's get started okay so
for our first step what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna chop up my onion just a little
bit I'm also gonna peel and cube my
potatoes so that's the first thing I'm
gonna do I'll come back in a second when
that's done so through the magic of
YouTube I'm back a second later
everything's cubed up so I have my two
potatoes cubed and my half an onion
cubed and ready for our food processor
so I've got my food processor ready to
go and at this point I'm just gonna get
everything into here just like that
perfect and get our lid on
Mississippi start pulsing this together
so what I want to do here is I'll really
really want to turn this into a battery
I don't want any chunks left okay let's
open that up and now I'll just zoom in a
little bit just to show you what it
looks like
all right I'm zoomed in and I just want
to show you this you can see this is
full of moisture and that's exactly what
I want that you can see that it
basically looks like baby food and that
is perfect just like that and the next
thing we're gonna do we're gonna strain
this right so let's get all of this
right into our strainer hopefully you
can see that let's get that on there
like that and what we want to do is just
let this sit here for a while until most
of the moisture comes out that's good
and now you can already see all the
beautiful potato water that's coming out
of here so at this point you can just
leave it like that and head off and do
something or you can spread it around a
little bit just so that it strains a
little bit faster I'm just gonna let
that drip a little bit more and then
I'll come back so my potato mixture has
been sitting here for about five minutes
and I'm just going to shake that off a
little bit and I'm just going to pour
this water out there's a little bit of
starch at the bottom here you don't have
to worry about that and just take all of
your mixture now and just pop back right
in there to this we're gonna add in our
egg our flour and our little bit of salt
so get all that in there then I'm gonna
grab a whisk and I'm just going to start
whisking this together and I can't tell
you how good this recipe is you're gonna
make this once and you're gonna be
amazed so simple and just so yummy this
is one of my favorite recipes I make
this all the time
you can add a little bit of pepper to
this if you wish
once it's nicely mixed we are ready to
make our pancakes
okay I've set up I've got my little hot
plate going I'm gonna get a little bit
of oil down in my pan just like that
I've got a small ice cream scoop here
and I'm just gonna scoop up this mixture
and I just want to drop it down like
that now you can flatten it out if you
wish so just take the back of a spoon
and just give it a little pat and do
another one here
and now you just want to fry these on
the first side until they're nice and
golden-brown I'm gonna just adjust my
heat a little bit the secret to these
you do not want them browning too
quickly you know you just want to have a
nice you know low to medium heat on
these these are amazing you're gonna
take one bite oh you're gonna love them
so I'm just gonna let these go a little
bit and then we'll flip them so we'll
just flip these over enough there we go
I wish you could smell these they smell
amazing the secret to this recipe is the
food processor if you don't have a food
processor you're gonna want to use a
grater and this I find is a little bit
too large you want to go down to
something a little bit smaller like this
this is a quite small so it's gonna make
a really really nice fine great
but the food processor is really really
magic in this recipe because it turns it
into this beautiful batter okay that's
about done I'm just gonna check the
bottom and that looks perfect
so I'll get these off you can put these
on paper towel if you wish as well just
to drain off a little bit of that oil
but they're not bad I'll do another
batch
you can also just push it down like that
as well that's just a little easier and
we'll just let those go as well okay
that's a minute later or so just flip
that one they smell so good
so we'll just let these just cook you
know another maybe minute or so and then
those will be ready and those are nice
too let's pop those off and of course
you can't have potato pancakes without
applesauce or my favorite which is sour
cream I'm gonna add a little bit more
oil to my pan and I'll just do this one
more time and then I'll show you all of
them done we'll come back for a little
taste test
if you do like potatoes I really really
encourage you to try these because they
are really really amazing you will enjoy
these if you love potatoes so we'll just
let those go I'll be back in a second
let's check these though they look good
him a little flip blew it up nice and
golden-brown those are oh they smell so
good
ok these ones are done and what I
decided to do was just zoom in and just
give you a little bit of a close-up
because I think some of you were saying
I can't see anything zoom in zoom in so
I add in a little bit of oil I'm just
using vegetable oil here I'll grab some
of my batter let's get that right in
there like that you can just take your
measuring scoop and just give a little
push
push push push I'll just let some of
that oil get around all of them
hopefully the camera is picking up how
nice these are I'll just stay around
with the camera until I flip them so
that you can see the nice golden-brown
on the other side okay it's time to flip
these there we go well hopefully the
camera is picking up how nice those look
look at that Oh delicious I just zoomed
in a little bit more we'll just let
those go for about 30 seconds more I'll
finish off the rest and then I'll come
back okay so I'm back here are all the
beautiful potato pancakes that I made
I've got one here to test I'm not sure
how many I made here there are quite a
few of them I didn't count them now
traditionally you're gonna want to eat
them with sour cream or applesauce some
people will actually put maple syrup on
there
I just want to flip this over just show
you how nice that one is I can show you
another one too so you want to have them
nice and brown on each side just like
that then you're just gonna take a
little bit of your sour cream get that
on there I'll tell you I'm really
finding it hard not to eat a whole pile
of these because they smell so good and
you just that is really good hmmm if you
like potato you're gonna love this
recipe I hope you enjoyed this video if
you did please give me a thumbs up
please subscribe I really do appreciate
that thank you and I'll see you next
time
you